right now we're walking to the sadder
gate the main entrance for UC Berkeley
this is where our adventure begins oh
[Music]
wow this looks like a mini town in here
UC Berkeley is probably known for its
academics that's why we're now heading
into the main library called the Dole
library they often say that library
though inside of this library is the
biggest reading room I have ever seen in
any campus crawl we've visited so far so
now we're walking in the Dole library
this is the main library for UC Berkeley
students having just visited UCLA I
notice a big shift in the student
culture here at UC Berkeley from
balanced lifestyles to hard core study
culture it's only the beginning of
semester but we could hardly find a spot
in the library coming out of the DOE
library we can find the memorial Glade
this is where a lot of students just
chill but right now it's under
construction but usually it's really
green grass and it's a nice picnic area
study area reading area you name it so I
met a new friend
Damien this campus is really beautiful
honestly when I first came to this
campus I was shocked like I felt smarter
just walking on campus
oh this seal right here I'm gonna show
you guys this seal right here you guys
cannot step on it don't ask about it
basically if you step on it that means
you're not gonna get a 4.0 so this is
probably triggering a lot of UC Berkeley
students right now oh my god there we go
the main reason why you don't get 4.0 is
because you don't study so I'm gonna
study here well I'm studying if this is
literally triggering everyone that's
walking past another study habit that
you sure you incorporate into your life
is sleeping so you know you should sleep
more to get a 4.0
[Music]
another thing you should do if you want
good grades is exercise regularly so
that's what you should do instead of
worrying about stepping on this seal
right now we're in sprawl as you can see
there's everyone walking around me the
whole school is crowding around me right
now because it's actually Club day this
is where all the clubs are coming out
showing you what they're all about and
trying to get you to sign up and that's
a pretty cool part about UC Berkeley
because there's so many different clubs
you can join there's one called the
Hyperloop Club the underground tunnel
with Elon Musk how cool is that and look
at this okay because UC Berkeley is
located in San Francisco home of pack
you got all these inventions all over
the place for example this is a robot
that delivers food to you how cool is
that
because UC Berkeley is so compact it
feels like there's a lot of people and
it's very crowded let's keep going and
I'll show you one of the coolest hangout
spots on UC Berkeley campus this is an
onion and she's gonna take me to the
coolest building at UC Berkeley the
continuity let's go up the elevator
Oh oh this looks so good oh man you get
to see everything there's nothing
blocking this Campanelli we're almost
like in the clouds or the same level as
the clouds it's three hundred and seven
feet and there's a huge Bell here whoa
it rings every hour but real people
actually play as an instrument like
three times a day how cool is that so
this is Berkeley right here and all the
way into the distance is San Francisco
home of all the tech startups all right
so right now we're in the Student Union
part of UC Berkeley all around me our
activity centers so this one's called
the Martin Luther King jr. Student
Center it has a cafe and the UC Berkeley
merch store over here is the ashumen
building which has a lot of dance
studios and study spaces and right here
is Zellerbach hall this is home to the
auditorium and a lot of performances are
held here
[Music]
the thing about this space is that it
houses a lot of activities so a night
like usually around 10:00 p.m. the dance
club comes here to practice so you know
you can get groovy if you want
we were just randomly walking on campus
and we found turkeys I think we know
what we're eating for dinner tonight
come on come on let's go you find a lot
of crazy things on Berkeley campus crazy
people and turkeys now we're gonna visit
one of the nicest building on UC
Berkeley campus the chow hall this is a
part of the hospice in school and it's
where most of the business classes are
my favorite I actually study marketing
so this is my home
there's an interesting thing about
Berkeley is that there's only handles on
one side of the door it's because before
there were protests where students
locked both handles so teachers couldn't
get out now they only have one handle so
that won't ever happen again that's
pretty cool learn from your mistakes now
we're inside it's actually really nice
there's a bunch of study area desk
couches and we're about to go into one
of the nicest classrooms I've ever seen
on in campus Haas is on the newer side
so it looks nicer classroom sizes
usually range from like 40 people or
there's big lecture halls with like 200
people as you can see this classroom is
equipped with all of their needs
Central's and the best part is they have
a microphone for answering questions so
people at the back can hear you I would
love to study it it's just so new and it
feels nice being in this new body I can
but where do you see Berkeley students
hang out when they're not in class let's
go find out
California Memorial Stadium
go bears actually has a lot of places we
can chill and my around but it also has
a nice school culture right yeah
definitely there's a bunch of
interesting places with a lot of
tradition and I think you can see behind
us there is the 4.0 ball if you touch it
you might get a four point out we
stepped on the seal earlier now we're
gonna touch the 4.0 ball does that mean
our grades just cancel out so as we walk
down the roads of UC Berkeley we can see
you think Berkeley really likes to study
because they have ten libraries there is
a Bancroft library and behind me is the
ancient library and I think somewhere
over there is the engineering library
ten libraries just for one little campus
that's insane
so right now we're actually walking
towards the best cafeteria on campus
right but this is the best part of this
campus tour right beside me here are the
frat houses there it's actually rush
week right now so they're just chilling
outside it's a having the best time of
their lives and if you actually want to
apply to UC Berkeley or any of the UC
schools so you gotta check out today's
sponsor bull's eye this is a college
lifestyle right here city on couches
with people jumping off the balcony and
that's a lot imagine but if you are
actually thinking of applying to UC
Berkeley or any of the UC schools just
letting you know your application is due
soon on November 30th you need to
complete the UC apps with four essays so
if you want to increase your chances of
getting into these schools you've gotta
check out today's sponsor
bullseye so there are new app that helps
you organize all of your college
applications but the most important part
is they can connect you with advisors
who are recent graduates from top
schools like UC Berkeley UCLA MIT
Stanford so today we actually got a
really special offer if you're applying
to college soon click the link in the
description join bullseye comm slash
free session to claim your first free
20-minute session with an advisor you
can ask them for some advice how to
frame yourself in your essays things
like that
they will help you get into these
schools for free so click the link in
the description join bullseye comm slash
free session to claim your first free 20
minute session within devices and
hopefully this can become your new life
yeah
now we're gonna keep going to the
cafeteria I'm so hungry dude that's a
lot of walking the food here is so good
literally the cafeteria has everything
they got like yeah they got ice cream
they got yogurt yeah yeah salad they got
healthy options too that's really
important for me they gotta come feature
on tap how cool is that and then it got
some steak and chicken over here to get
that coating in if you've enjoyed this
video you can click here to subscribe
and watch other campus crawls right here
and right here
my name is habbo go and I'll see you
next time peace and because UC Berkeley
is open to anyone there's a lot of weird
figures just walking around